= governor_thinking_sphinx

*Governor is archived* due to the fact that it's locked to Rails v3.0, and
as such can't patch any security holes or support modern applications.

<b>Governor[http://carpeliam.github.com/governor/]</b> (named after Rod
Blagojevich) is the pluggable blogging platform for Rails, built for people
who want to build their blog into their website, not build their website into
their blog.

*governor_thinking_sphinx* is a plugin for Governor, allowing people to search
within your blog.

== Dependencies

* Governor, version 0.2.2 or higher.
* ThinkingSphinx
* ActiveRecord

== Setting Up

First, install Governor[http://carpeliam.github.com/governor/]. Then, in your
Gemfile, add the following:

    gem 'governor_thinking_sphinx'

Once you've installed the gem into your app, you need to run the generator:

    rails generate governor:add_thinking_sphinx [RESOURCE]

If you've only created one type of resource (which is typical), then you won't
need any arguments. Otherwise, you'll need to specify which model you want to
add searching to. This will create a migration to enable your article class to
support delta indexing.

== Usage

The current version does not have a built-in view for searching. The best
example is in the
spec[https://github.com/carpeliam/governor_thinking_sphinx/blob/master/spec/rails_app/app/views/layouts/application.html.erb#L21].

== Contributing to governor_thinking_sphinx
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Liam Morley. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

